PolyScale integration docs (#1217)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/guides/polyscale.md

---
title: Add the Neon PolyScale integration
subtitle: Set up a global database cache with Neon's PolyScale integration
enableTableOfContents: true
---

> [PolyScale](https://docs.polyscale.ai/) allows you to easily distribute and cache your data globally through its low-latency edge network, enabling speedy access to your data from anywhere in the world. A PolyScale cache can reduce load on your database and automatically improve slow query performance while offering a simple alternative to cross-regional replication. No coding or infrastructure chnages are required to use PolyScale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PolyScale](https://docs.polyscale.ai/) allows you to easily distribute and cache your data globally through its low-latency edge network, enabling speedy access to your data from anywhere in the world. A PolyScale cache can reduce load on your database and automatically improve slow query performance while offering a simple alternative to cross-regional replication. No coding or infrastructure changes are required to use PolyScale.
```

    You might notice the drop-down menus for **Database** and **Role**. If you have multiple databases and roles on the primary branch of your Neon project, use the drop-down menus to select the database and role you want to connect with. Your selections will be reflected in the PolyScale connection string.
   
    <Admonition type="note">
    To ensure your cache remains current, always use the PolyScale connection string. Modifying your database directly through a Neon connection string or the Neon SQL Editor can result in an outdated cache.
    </Admonition>

## View your PolyScale cache

You can access your PolyScale cache directly from the Neon PolyScale integration.

1. In the Neon Console, navigate to the **Integrations** page.
2. Under **Manage**, locate the PolyScale integration and click **Manage** to open the **Manage PolyScale** drawer.
3. Click the **View cache in PolyScale** link. You directed to PolyScale where you will be required to log in if not logged in already.

## Purging your PolyScale cache

> Occasionally, it may be necessary to purge your PolyScale cache. For example, you may want to purge your cache after modifying your data directly without using the PolyScale connection string, which can result in an outdated cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally, it may be necessary to purge your PolyScale cache. For example, if you modify your data directly, without using the PolyScale connection string, this can result in an outdated cache. In this case, you may want to purge to keep the cache up to date.
```
